README.md, before:

:warning: *Use of this software is subject to important terms and conditions as set forth in the License file* :warning:

# Zendesk Talk SDK for iOS

Zendesk Talk SDK is a quick, convenient way to get live digital voice calls into your mobile apps. With just a few lines of code, you can provide your end users with an easy way to get in touch from any mobile app.

## Documentation

You can find our documentation on https://developer.zendesk.com/embeddables.

## Feature requests and issues

All feature requests and issues are welcomed. Please see our [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to find out how to contact us.

## Copyright and license

Copyright 2020 Zendesk

By downloading or using the Zendesk Talk SDK, You agree to the Zendesk Master
Subscription Agreement https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/#master-subscription-agreement and Application Developer and API License
Agreement https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/#application-developer-api-license-agreement and
acknowledge that such terms govern Your use of and access to the Talk SDK.

If You make any Contributions (defined below) to the Zendesk Talk SDK, 
You hereby grant Zendesk a royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, 
irrevocable and perpetual license to incorporate into the Service or the Zendesk API 
or otherwise use and commercially exploit any Contributions. “Contribution” shall mean 
any work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to the Mobile SDK 
or derivative works thereof, that is submitted to Zendesk by You.

Commit message:

Publish API docs for TalkSDK 1.0.0 (#2)
* Publish API docs for TalkSDK 1.0.0

* Add link to API docs in README.md

* Add docs/index.html to redirect to the latest version of the docs

* Create symbolic link for latest API docs version

* Update link paths

* Update README.md references to the documentation

README.md, after:

:warning: *Use of this software is subject to important terms and conditions as set forth in the License file* :warning:

# Zendesk Talk SDK for iOS

Zendesk Talk SDK is a quick, convenient way to get live digital voice calls into your mobile apps. With just a few lines of code, you can provide your end users with an easy way to get in touch from any mobile app.

## Documentation

You can find our documentation on https://developer.zendesk.com/embeddables/docs/talk-sdk-ios/introduction

The latest API docs can be found on https://zendesk.github.io/talk_sdk_ios/docs/

## Feature requests and issues

All feature requests and issues are welcomed. Please see our [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to find out how to contact us.

## Copyright and license

Copyright 2020 Zendesk

By downloading or using the Zendesk Talk SDK, You agree to the Zendesk Master
Subscription Agreement https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/#master-subscription-agreement and Application Developer and API License
Agreement https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/#application-developer-api-license-agreement and
acknowledge that such terms govern Your use of and access to the Talk SDK.

If You make any Contributions (defined below) to the Zendesk Talk SDK, 
You hereby grant Zendesk a royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, 
irrevocable and perpetual license to incorporate into the Service or the Zendesk API 
or otherwise use and commercially exploit any Contributions. “Contribution” shall mean 
any work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to the Mobile SDK 
or derivative works thereof, that is submitted to Zendesk by You.
